# Belief Consolidation in a Partially Observable Multi-Robot Environment with Limited Data Sharing Capabilities

# Abstract
Multi-robot coordination is crucial for reliable autonomy even in a limited-communication environment in which robots can communicate infrequently and can share limited amount of information between themselves. We develop a technique in which a robot-robot communication is triggered only when a ``significant event'' is encountered by a robot. A robot seeks information related to a particular event and the helping robot shares its knowledge about the same. Thus, a robot consolidates its belief about an event via gathering information from other robots in the environment. Depending on limited and erroneous sensing, a robot has partial observability of the state of the environment. We model this as a decentralized Partially Observable Markov Decision Process (POMDP) from the perspective of each robot which maintains a ``belief'' over the state of the environment. Belief is a probability distribution over the states of the environment. New observations, obtained by a robot itself or shared by other robots, evolve the belief of a robot. Considering the erroneous sensing capabilities, a robot needs to consolidate its belief about some significant state of the environment, at times. This enables identify a significant state with more certainty. Previous research proposes sharing all the unshared observations between a given pair of robots. However, limited connectivity restricts the robots to share all the unshared data. Our approach enables a robot consolidate its belief about the significant state by gathering information from its neighboring robots. While the likelihood of occurring the significant state is less than a pre-decided threshold, the robot requests its neighbors for selective information. Experimental results validate the efficacy of our approach for belief consolidation and thus identify significant events with higher likelihood.

# 
This work has been done by me under the supervision of Dr. Tanmoy Kundu as part of B-tech project in 2024-2025
